---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openai_assistant Data Source - terraform-provider-openai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific OpenAI assistant.
---

# openai_assistant (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific OpenAI assistant.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch a specific assistant by ID
data "openai_assistant" "code_reviewer" {
  id = "asst_8sPATZ7dVbBL1m1Yve97j2BM"
}

# Output the assistant ID
output "assistant_id" {
  value = data.openai_assistant.code_reviewer.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the assistant.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the assistant was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the assistant.
- `instructions` (String) The system instructions that the assistant uses.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object.
- `model` (String) The ID of the model used by the assistant.
- `name` (String) The name of the assistant.
- `object` (String) The object type, which is always 'assistant'.
- `response_format` (String) The format of the response.
- `temperature` (Number) What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2.
- `tool_resources` (Attributes) A set of resources that are used by the assistant's tools. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tool_resources))
- `tools` (Attributes List) A list of tools enabled on the assistant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tools))
- `top_p` (Number) An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling.

<a id="nestedatt--tool_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tool_resources`

Read-Only:

- `code_interpreter` (Attributes) Resources for the code_interpreter tool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tool_resources--code_interpreter))
- `file_search` (Attributes) Resources for the file_search tool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tool_resources--file_search))

<a id="nestedatt--tool_resources--code_interpreter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tool_resources.code_interpreter`

Read-Only:

- `file_ids` (List of String) A list of file IDs attached to this assistant.


<a id="nestedatt--tool_resources--file_search"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tool_resources.file_search`

Read-Only:

- `vector_store_ids` (List of String) A list of vector store IDs attached to this assistant.



<a id="nestedatt--tools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tools`

Read-Only:

- `function` (Attributes List) The function definition, if the tool type is 'function'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tools--function))
- `type` (String) The type of tool. Can be 'code_interpreter', 'retrieval', or 'function'.

<a id="nestedatt--tools--function"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tools.function`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the function.
- `name` (String) The name of the function.
- `parameters` (String) The parameters of the function in JSON format.
