---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openai_message Data Source - terraform-provider-openai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific OpenAI message.
---

# openai_message (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific OpenAI message.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the message.
- `thread_id` (String) The ID of the thread this message belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `assistant_id` (String) If applicable, the ID of the assistant that authored this message.
- `attachments` (Attributes List) A list of files attached to the message, and the tools they were added to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `content` (Attributes List) The content of the message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `created_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the message was created.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object.
- `object` (String) The object type, which is always 'thread.message'.
- `role` (String) The role of the entity that produced the message. One of 'user' or 'assistant'.
- `run_id` (String) If applicable, the ID of the run associated with the authoring of this message.

<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Read-Only:

- `file_id` (String) The ID of the file to attach to the message.
- `tools` (Attributes List) The tools to add this file to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments--tools))

<a id="nestedatt--attachments--tools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments.tools`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of tool being defined: code_interpreter or file_search.



<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `text` (Attributes) The text content. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--text))
- `type` (String) The type of content. Can be 'text'.

<a id="nestedatt--content--text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.text`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (List of String) Annotations for the text.
- `value` (String) The data that makes up the text.
