---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openai_run Data Source - terraform-provider-openai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific OpenAI run.
---

# openai_run (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific OpenAI run.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the run.
- `thread_id` (String) The ID of the thread the run belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `assistant_id` (String) The ID of the assistant used for execution of this run.
- `cancelled_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run was cancelled.
- `completed_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run was completed.
- `created_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run was created.
- `expires_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run will expire.
- `failed_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run failed.
- `instructions` (String) The instructions that the assistant used for this run.
- `max_completion_tokens` (Number) The maximum number of completion tokens specified to have been used over the course of the run.
- `max_prompt_tokens` (Number) The maximum number of prompt tokens specified to have been used over the course of the run.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of 16 key-value pairs that can be attached to an object.
- `model` (String) The model that the assistant used for this run.
- `object` (String) The object type, which is always 'thread.run'.
- `response_format` (String) The response format used for this run.
- `started_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run was started.
- `status` (String) The status of the run, which can be either queued, in_progress, requires_action, cancelling, cancelled, failed, completed, or expired.
- `temperature` (Number) The sampling temperature used for this run.
- `top_p` (Number) The nucleus sampling value used for this run.
- `usage` (Attributes) Usage statistics related to the run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage`

Read-Only:

- `completion_tokens` (Number) Number of completion tokens used.
- `prompt_tokens` (Number) Number of prompt tokens used.
- `total_tokens` (Number) Total number of tokens used.
