---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openai_thread_run Data Source - terraform-provider-openai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific OpenAI run within a thread.
---

# openai_thread_run (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific OpenAI run within a thread.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `run_id` (String) The ID of the run.
- `thread_id` (String) The ID of the thread the run belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `assistant_id` (String) The ID of the assistant used for execution of this run.
- `cancelled_at` (Number)
- `completed_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run was completed.
- `created_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run was created.
- `expires_at` (Number)
- `failed_at` (Number)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instructions` (String) The instructions that the assistant used for this run.
- `max_completion_tokens` (Number)
- `max_prompt_tokens` (Number)
- `metadata` (Map of String) Set of key-value pairs that can be attached to an object.
- `model` (String) The model that the assistant used for this run.
- `object` (String) The object type, which is always 'thread.run'.
- `response_format` (String)
- `started_at` (Number) The Unix timestamp (in seconds) for when the run was started.
- `status` (String) The status of the run.
- `temperature` (Number)
- `top_p` (Number)
- `usage` (Attributes) Usage statistics related to the run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage`

Read-Only:

- `completion_tokens` (Number)
- `prompt_tokens` (Number)
- `total_tokens` (Number)
