---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openai_run Resource - terraform-provider-openai"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# openai_run (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `assistant_id` (String) The ID of the assistant to use for the run.
- `thread_id` (String) The ID of the thread to run the assistant on.

### Optional

- `completion_window` (Number) The maximum amount of time to wait for the run to complete, in seconds. If not provided, the run will be created but not waited for.
- `instructions` (String) Override the default instructions of the assistant for the run.
- `max_tokens` (Number) The maximum number of tokens to generate in the run. The default value is inf.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata to associate with the run.
- `model` (String) The model to use for the run. If not provided, the assistant's model will be used.
- `stream_for_tool` (Boolean) Streaming for tool use is only available in the Chat Completions API.
- `temperature` (Number) The sampling temperature to use. Higher values make the output more random, lower values make it more deterministic.
- `tools` (List of Map of String) Override the tools of the assistant for the run.
- `top_p` (Number) An alternative to sampling with temperature. Defaults to 1.

### Read-Only

- `completed_at` (Number) The timestamp for when the run was completed.
- `created_at` (Number) The timestamp for when the run was created.
- `file_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the files used in the run.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `object` (String) The object type, which is always 'thread.run'.
- `started_at` (Number) The timestamp for when the run was started.
- `status` (String) The status of the run (queued, in_progress, completed, failed, etc.).
- `steps` (List of Object) The steps of the run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps))
- `usage` (Map of Number) Usage statistics for the run.

<a id="nestedatt--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (Number)
- `details` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `object` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `type` (String)
